Simple Calculator: User Manual 📝
Welcome to the Simple Calculator! This guide will help you understand how to use the application to perform basic arithmetic calculations quickly and easily.

1. Getting Started
System Requirements
You need Python 3 installed on your system (Windows, macOS, or Linux).

The Tkinter library is also required, but it comes standard with most Python 3 installations, so you likely don't need to install anything extra.

Launching the Application
Make sure you have the application file saved as calculator.py.

Open your system's terminal (Command Prompt on Windows, Terminal on macOS/Linux).

Navigate to the folder where you saved calculator.py using the cd command.

Type the following command and press Enter:

Bash

python calculator.py
The calculator window will appear on your screen, ready to use!

2. Interface Overview
The calculator has a very simple and intuitive interface:

Display Screen: The rectangular box at the very top of the window. This is where the numbers you enter and the results of your calculations are shown.

Number Buttons (0-9): A standard numeric keypad for entering numbers.

Operator Buttons (+, -, *, /): Buttons for the four basic arithmetic operations:

+ (Addition)

- (Subtraction)

* (Multiplication)

/ (Division)

Special Function Buttons:

. (Decimal Point): Use this to enter floating-point numbers (e.g., 3.14).

C (Clear): Wipes the display screen and resets the current calculation.

= (Equals): Computes the result of the expression you have entered.

3. How to Perform Calculations
Using the calculator is straightforward. Just click the buttons in the order you would write the calculation.

Basic Examples:
To add 75 and 10:

Click 7, then 5.

Click the + button.

Click 1, then 0.

Click the = button.

The display will show the result: 85.

To calculate 9 multiplied by 6:

Click 9.

Click the * button.

Click 6.

Click =.

The display will show: 54.

Chaining Operations:
You can perform a sequence of operations, and the calculator will evaluate them when you press equals.

To calculate 100 - 20 + 5:

Enter 100.

Click -.

Enter 20.

Click +.

Enter 5.

Click =.

The display will show the result: 85.

4. Error Handling
The calculator will notify you if you enter an invalid calculation.

If you try to divide by zero (e.g., 5 / 0) or enter an incomplete expression (e.g., 8 *), pressing the = button will cause the display to show "Error".

To fix this, simply press the C (Clear) button to reset the display and start a new calculation.